it's the morning of the lifesaver
challenge and he's eager to get the ball
rolling
14 stone five year old Bilbo will be
pitched against eleven and a half stone
25 year old James in a head-to-head
Seabiscuit this is a good chance for him
to prove himself and show that he can
really do the job we've set Bilbo and
James a particularly tough challenge 30
meters from shore they must each rescue
not one but two casualties lugging back
a colossal weight of 23 stone each
the casualties are in position the
contestants are on their marks get set
Bilbo's off like a shot leaving James
for dust James and Bilbo must maneuver
the float in front of the casualties as
quickly as possible
oh that cheap place to them and what he
feels the weight of them pick it up yeah
it's a good boy he'll turn around and
head back to the beach then just like
you're doing now fantastic
March sway good boy
[Music]
Bilbo's taken longer to position his
float and there's lots unground to James
but Bill Bowes instinct to pull
casualties to safety kicks in
falling 23 stone with ease Bilbo's
Steve's ahead Bilbo's made touchdown and
his home and dry whippin James to the
post
[Music]
it's not clicking I expected it's really
powerful in the sea
ace is really good
most brilliantly you know if I had
multiple rescue and even if it was a
matter of him following another guard
out and picking up another closure he
with more chance of more people getting
back the big safety Bilbo's proven he's
got what it takes to do the job he's got
the brains and the Brawn and that
all-important life guard ingredient
killer good looks
[Music]